README.md, before:

doctl (Digital Ocean Control)
=============================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vbotka/ansible-integrity.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vbotka/ansible-doctl)

[Ansible role](https://galaxy.ansible.com/vbotka/doctl/). Install *doctl* from [https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl](https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/). *doctl* is a command line interface for the [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) API.


Requirements
------------

None.


Role Variables
--------------

doctl_source_version

Dependencies
------------

None.

References
----------
- [README](https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/blob/master/README.md)
- [doctl: the Command Line Interface to DigitalOcean](https://blog.digitalocean.com/introducing-doctl/)
- [How To Use Doctl, the Official DigitalOcean Command-Line Client](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-doctl-the-official-digitalocean-command-line-client)


License
-------

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-red.svg)](https://www.freebsd.org/doc/en/articles/bsdl-gpl/article.html)


Author Information
------------------

[Vladimir Botka](https://botka.link)

Commit message:

Optional installation of dobro added.

README.md, after:

doctl (Digital Ocean Control)
=============================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vbotka/ansible-integrity.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vbotka/ansible-doctl)

[Ansible role](https://galaxy.ansible.com/vbotka/doctl/). Install *doctl* from [https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl](https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/). *doctl* is a command line interface for the [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) API. Optionaly install [dobro](https://gitlab.com/snoopdouglas/dobro) - management of droplets by tag.


Requirements
------------

None.


Role Variables
--------------

doctl_source_version: "1.7.1"
doctl_dobro: "no"

Dependencies
------------

None.

References
----------
- [doctl - README](https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/blob/master/README.md)
- [doctl - The Command Line Interface to DigitalOcean](https://blog.digitalocean.com/introducing-doctl/)
- [doctl - How To Use Doctl, the Official DigitalOcean Command-Line Client](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-doctl-the-official-digitalocean-command-line-client)
- [dobro - Manage DigitalOcean droplets by tag](https://gitlab.com/snoopdouglas/dobro)
- [dobro - PyPi](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/dobro/)

License
-------

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-red.svg)](https://www.freebsd.org/doc/en/articles/bsdl-gpl/article.html)


Author Information
------------------

[Vladimir Botka](https://botka.link)
